CASSANDRA-17621 May 2022 blog "Apache Cassandra 4.1 Features: Guardrails Framework" (#128)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog.adoc

- Replace post tile, date, description and link to you post.
////

//start card
[openblock,card shadow relative test]
----
[openblock,card-header]
------
[discrete]
=== Apache Cassandra 4.1 Features: Guardrails Framework
[discrete]
==== May 12, 2022
------
[openblock,card-content]
------

> Apache Cassandra 4.1.0 introduces a new framework called Guardrails. This framework helps enforce good practices to avoid poor cluster performance and availability because of certain user actions.

Reviewer: @dtopdontstop each card can only hold a maximum of 175 characters (or roughly 25 words) so I've edited the summary to make it fit within the card:
```suggestion
Cassandra 4.1 introduces Guardrails - a framework that helps enforce good practices to avoid poor cluster performance and availability because of certain user actions.
```
